Make syntax section follow template (#37908)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/dommatrix/setmatrixvalue/index.md

## Syntax

```js-nolint
setMatrixValue(transformList)
```

### Parameters

- `transformList`

>   - : A string; the list of transform values separated by commas, within `matrix()` or `matrix3d()` function syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string. Its value follows the same syntax as the CSS {{cssxref("transform")}} property value.
```
